Remove incorrect information from Studio update sites articles (#95)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/studio-update-sites.adoc

endif::[]
:keywords: mule, esb, studio, anypoint studio, update sites, updates, extensions, plug-ins, plugins, download

> Anypoint Studio uses update sites to update Studio, and the embedded versions of Mule runtime engine and MUnit.

Reviewer: No comma; the comma could be interpreted to mean that Studio uses them to update itself...lol....
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio uses update sites to update both itself and embedded versions of Mule runtime engine and MUnit.
```

== Accesing an Update Site

. Navigate to *Help* > *Install New Software*.

> . In the *Work with* field, select  one of the update sites.

Reviewer: omit space:
```suggestion
. In the *Work with* field, select one of the update sites.
```

=== Adding Additional Update Sites

> To add a new update site to install extra components to Studio:

Reviewer: Strictly optional:
```suggestion
To add a new update site for installing additional components to Studio:
```

. Navigate to *Help* > *Install New Software*.
. Click *Add...*.

> . In *Name*, add a to identify the update site.

Reviewer: add a name? or something more fancy?
```suggestion
. In *Name*, add a name to identify the update site.
```

. In *Location*, type the URL of the update site.
. Click *OK*.

== Allowing Connection to Update Site Through Firewall

> If you are on a network with firewall restrictions, you must whitelist the URLs of the update sites to download extensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on a network that has firewall restrictions, you must whitelist the URLs of the update sites to download extensions:
```

. Navigate to *Help* > *Install New Software*.
. Click *Manage...*.

> . The list of available software shows up:

Reviewer: Not a step
```suggestion
The list of available software is displayed:
```
